How?
It's asking for reinforcements to return to the international formation.
Is all of this in line with your expectations?
Right.
International Executive Director Egret called on reinforcements to take back control of the White Deer International.
White Deer Group Director Xiao Inflammation Urges Reinforcements to Reclaim International Control of White Deer
The director of White Deer International begins, he twists your hand.
Buddha said
Without my name, I can't walk.
Khai Minh Yan ordered all partners to continue to cooperate.
The factory starts construction
Ensure order completion on time
Congratulations on the return of the army.
Take this order as a gift of my love.
Now I've brought a trillion dollars to the stork.
We can do it.